We Begin this newsour with breaking news
from Gaza where Israeli attacks across
the strip have killed at least 48
Palestinians since this morning Israeli
an Israeli strike on an unor run School
Sheltering displaced Palestinians in the
noat refugee camp killed at least 16
people on Sunday 17 Palestinians were
killed in a strike on a school in
central Gaza in the last 10 days six
schools affiliated with the UN and its
agency have been hit in the South the
Israeli Army has struck an area west of
khun killing at least 13 Palestinians
and injuring 26 others four children are
among those killed bodies have been
taken to the city's Nara Hospital Han
Mahmud joins us live from dered Bal in
central Gaza we understand those attacks
and Strikes still going on take us
through what is taking us the strikes
right now what's coming under Fire right
now yes Sammy well in a span of less
than an hour the scene at the hospital
turned quite chaotic with more people
pourn into the hospital and many of the
ambulance vehicle that were dispatched
an hour ago to aat refugee camp to get
another honorable school this is a
middle school and a based on what we
hear from eyewitnesses over crowded with
many of the displaced families have been
Sheltering inside this School honor
facility for the past 9 months and more
recently coming from areas like RAF and
masasa area and from Gaza where people
were pushed into internal uh further
enforce displacement so far we're
looking at 23 people are being killed of
these 23 people here 17 of them arrived
to Ala hospital and just judging from
the the bodies that arriving here we're
looking at the same exact pattern that
the Israeli military has been following
when attacking these civilian facilities
uh the facilities that are accommodating
and housing this place palestinia
whether they are the residential homes
or anoa run facilities like the the
schools this is a very overcrowded space
in the heart of the of a refugee camp
and double the number of critically
injured arrived to the hospital as well
as as you can see from the the frame
right here this is the crowd here uh
those are remaining family uh members
who uh accom their F their their
children their their loved ones and and
came all the way to the hospital to to
make sure they are still okay but the uh
the tragedy is the moment that they
realize that the inside the emergency
department there isn't much to do to
save lives the vast majority of people
are arriving uh to the hospital are are
on the floor of the hospital given the
inability uh of the medical staff to
intervene and to uh save lives as well
as the acute shortage of medical
supplies so they're all taken in just
few minutes of their arrival to the morg
of the hospital as they are pronounced
dead also the kind of injuries arriving
at the hospital these are bombs that are
packed with the shrap nails with nails
with little pieces of metals that are
causing severe bleeding and we walked
inside the hospital we just briefly we
could not continue uh uh walking in
inside because of the blood that is all
over the floor of the hospital literally
we seen children and bodies of women
soaked completely with the blood and
even those who were carried from the uh
this the bomb side the schools all the
way to the hospital some of them were uh
they died inside the vehicle the
ambulance vehicle because they lost so
much uh blood giv the intense and severe
bleeding uh that they had this scene is
now is getting more and more busy at the
hospital more ambulance coming to the
hospital they were dispatched
uh and as as we were we reporting about
right now just within the past few
minutes uh there were at least four of
the bodies arrived already were taken to
barrial site uh near nearby the
hospital all right we'll leave it there
thanks so much to hany
Mahmood make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get latest news from Al jazer